Add Note about Timestamp usage (#468)
magento/merchdocs: src/cms/content-staging-scheduled-update.md

    ![]({% link images/images-ee/content-staging-campaign-schedule-update.png %}){: .zoom}
    _Scheduling a Product Update_

    {:.bs-callout-info}

>     Date/Time have to be always in timezone of appropriate Website. For example, if you have multiple Websites in different timezones, but you want to start campaign based on US time, you need to schedule an update for each Website separately and define date/time in local time.

Reviewer: Edits for language and clarity

```suggestion
    Date/time must be defined using the timezone of the appropriate website. For example, if you have multiple websites in different timezones, but you want to start campaign based on a US timezone, you need to schedule an update for each website separately and define the date/time in local time.
```
